Name: David Rasmussen \\
Address: Islands brygge 56b 1tv \\
Zip nr. 2300 Koebenhavn S \\
Phone number: 26325635 \\
E-mail: david2300@hotmail.com \\
Country: Danmark \\
Date of birth: 11/06/1995

#Work experience
2010 - 2012 Netto - Sevice employee
2012 - 2013 Bauhaus Valby - Salesman
2013 - 2014 Q8 - Sales Assistant
2016 - 2018 Elgiganten Glostrup - Cross operation 
2018 - 2020 Concept - Client service 

#Education
2011 - 2014 HTX-Hilleroed, Biotech
2015 - 2018 Aalborg university Bachelor of Software Engineering
2018 - 2020 Aalborg university Master of Software Engineering


#Freetext
I learned to tackle multiple things at once, while working at Q8, since I was alone in the shop.

I was responsible for handling company customers at Bauhaus.

My slogan is "if its worth doing, then its worth doing properly".

Everything i do, i try to be a perfectionist about it.

During my time in Netto, I was the one everyone went to, when they needed help: From there I learned vital problem solving skills.

Responsible for helping my family with  groceries.

Expertise in handling customers, and up selling, such that they always end up buying more then they expected.

Responsible for initial designs and human centered interactions during my time at concept.

I'm fluent in english and danish.

My highschool exam project was using c sharp (unity) to make a game.

My first semester project in software engineering, was to make a filtering system for CVs, such the unemployed could be more productive with how many applications they send.

I have elementary understand of business and economics.

I have taken courses in analysis.

Im incredibly disciplined, and work good in teams.

I have lots of skills in programming.

I have a good fundamental understanding of databases, where i have made a server capable of retrieving and sorting data automatically.

I take a large interest in electronics. i have done multiple projects.

through university, i have learned c in depth.

I'm proficient in C++.

I'm able to do mathematical optimization using matlab.

my earlier work include: working at a sushi restaurant, Bilka, bauhaus, Q8, and with selling christmas trees.
because of this, im disciplined in customer service.

I am also good at handling lots of things at once, without getting stressed out.

I took a high school diploma in biotechnology: I finished with a grade of 10.7.

Throughout highschool, i joined a lot of extra curricala activities.

Administrated and ran a minecraft server, where people ended up donating around 50usd a month: People trusted and respected me a lot, which shows my capabilities as a leader.

I used to run a youtube channel, where i for over a year, uploaded every week. This shows my abilities uphold deadlines and how ambitious i am.

I love presenting: i have therefore heavily improved my oral skills.

One of my core interests lie in history, especially roman history: This is what ignited my interest in political science, and how to lead.

I love discussion philosophy, and especially moral ambiguities.

I read a lot of philosophy in my free time.

I'm concise and well spoken in my communication.

I was an incredible dedicated person.

I have done multiple extra projects in my free time.

I have made my own self driving RC car.

I have made an autonomous robot, that can drive on its own, using embedded sensors and primitive artificial-intelligence..

I have spent a lot of time during integrated circuits in my free time.

I once made an embedded electronic watch/thermometer for my girlfriend.

I love helping people.

I have taken a BSc and MSc degree in software engineering.

My Bsc was focused on group work, which has honned my team skills.

I was always the teamleader during group projects.

We did a multi group project, which made me good at agile and large scale software development.

I have experience using Git as a resource management tool; capable of managing dataflow and merging multiple branches to deliver a finished product.

I specialized in articifial intelligence and cloud computing.

I have expertise in javascript, .Net, Css, Html, SQL to do general web programming.

I have extensive capabilities in UX and human centered design, as shown by my amazing website MyAmazingWebsite.com.

I have experience in python using their libraries to do machine learning.

I have good experience using Java

I have done a lot of lowlevel programming, including: microproccessor programming, and using the language C.

I have skills in optimization, more specifically how to use financial and management optimizaiton.

I have Multiple years of experience in algorithms and datastructures.

I'm capable of tackling most complex computer science problems.

I have experience coding in Windows and linux.

Experience using scrum meetings as a part of the everyday organisational process.
